seashell2 = userdata
LightGoldenrod4 = userdata
purple = userdata
VioletRed2 = userdata
DarkOrange4 = userdata
gray81 = userdata
PaleGreen = userdata
red1 = userdata
cornsilk3 = userdata
tonumber = function
OrangeRed = userdata
OliveDrab = userdata
PapayaWhip = userdata
chocolate = userdata
ivory3 = userdata
cornsilk2 = userdata
screen = table
gray23 = userdata
gray13 = userdata
gold = userdata
chartreuse2 = userdata
grey26 = userdata
ivory2 = userdata
LightSteelBlue1 = userdata
grey = userdata
burlywood4 = userdata
NavajoWhite = userdata
Font = table
LoginScreen = function
LightPink3 = userdata
LightGoldenrod2 = userdata
PaleTurquoise1 = userdata
MainMenu = function
MediumSpringGreen = userdata
tomato1 = userdata
grey36 = userdata
tomato3 = userdata
sienna3 = userdata
purple1 = userdata
ForestGreen = userdata
burlywood = userdata
BlanchedAlmond = userdata
collectgarbage = function
gray1 = userdata
HotPink = userdata
purple2 = userdata
firebrick2 = userdata
MediumSlateBlue = userdata
math = table
LightGrey = userdata
DodgerBlue3 = userdata
gray45 = userdata
grey38 = userdata
RosyBrown1 = userdata
red2 = userdata
cyan4 = userdata
SlateBlue4 = userdata
SkyBlue3 = userdata
azure1 = userdata
maroon1 = userdata
SlateGray4 = userdata
OliveDrab2 = userdata
gold2 = userdata
cyan2 = userdata
gcinfo = function
requireC = function
orange4 = userdata
honeydew4 = userdata
grey24 = userdata
tan4 = userdata
LightCyan = userdata
LightSeaGreen = userdata
DarkSlateGray4 = userdata
salmon = userdata
IndianRed4 = userdata
LightSteelBlue = userdata
gray21 = userdata
MistyRose4 = userdata
module = function
LemonChiffon1 = userdata
Color = table
grey6 = userdata
bisque2 = userdata
orchid2 = userdata
gray95 = userdata
SeaGreen = userdata
grey48 = userdata
firebrick4 = userdata
maroon4 = userdata
AntiqueWhite2 = userdata
salmon4 = userdata
DarkGoldenrod4 = userdata
LemonChiffon4 = userdata
DodgerBlue1 = userdata
xpcall = function
OptionsMenu = function
_VERSION = Lua 5.1
DarkViolet = userdata
loadlib = function
LightYellow3 = userdata
OrangeRed4 = userdata
brown2 = userdata
maroon = userdata
SlateGray3 = userdata
IndianRed2 = userdata
TextField = table
next = function
azure3 = userdata
grey90 = userdata
gray85 = userdata
MediumTurquoise = userdata
PaleGreen3 = userdata
PeachPuff1 = userdata
gray79 = userdata
LightBlue = userdata
firebrick1 = userdata
seashell = userdata
sienna4 = userdata
DarkSlateGray1 = userdata
SpringGreen4 = userdata
blue1 = userdata
cornsilk4 = userdata
snow1 = userdata
MistyRose = userdata
System = table
chocolate4 = userdata
sienna2 = userdata
orange1 = userdata
goldenrod3 = userdata
DarkSalmon = userdata
gray61 = userdata
tostring = function
khaki2 = userdata
burlywood2 = userdata
yellow4 = userdata
OliveDrab4 = userdata
YellowGreen = userdata
gray89 = userdata
ivory1 = userdata
honeydew2 = userdata
assert = function
DeepSkyBlue1 = userdata
orchid4 = userdata
SaddleBrown = userdata
grey4 = userdata
tomato4 = userdata
load = function
honeydew = userdata
gray41 = userdata
tomato = userdata
Osk = table
khaki3 = userdata
LightCyan3 = userdata
LightSlateBlue = userdata
OSKMenu = function
LightBlue1 = userdata
loadstring = function
flist = table
grey88 = userdata
PaleVioletRed = userdata
LightGoldenrod = userdata
CadetBlue4 = userdata
DarkOrchid = userdata
PaleGoldenrod = userdata
IndianRed3 = userdata
table = table
gold1 = userdata
grey68 = userdata
DarkOrchid3 = userdata
gray5 = userdata
burlywood3 = userdata
ipairs = function
LightSteelBlue2 = userdata
NavajoWhite1 = userdata
PaleTurquoise4 = userdata
lavender = userdata
gold3 = userdata
tan2 = userdata
gray0 = userdata
khaki1 = userdata
bisque4 = userdata
grey22 = userdata
green3 = userdata
grey66 = userdata
dumpDirectory = function
moccasin = userdata
DarkOrange = userdata
LavenderBlush1 = userdata
OrangeRed1 = userdata
azure4 = userdata
NavyBlue = userdata
VioletRed3 = userdata
DarkOrange1 = userdata
SpringGreen1 = userdata
brown = userdata
goldenrod4 = userdata
SoundSystem = table
gray29 = userdata
MsgBox = table
black = userdata
turquoise1 = userdata
yellow = userdata
MediumOrchid = userdata
goldenrod = userdata
orchid = userdata
_G = table
SeaGreen4 = userdata
sienna1 = userdata
honeydew1 = userdata
GreenYellow = userdata
magenta = userdata
MediumVioletRed = userdata
SlateBlue3 = userdata
gray33 = userdata
snow4 = userdata
RosyBrown = userdata
PaleVioletRed3 = userdata
PaleVioletRed1 = userdata
MediumAquamarine = userdata
thistle = userdata
red3 = userdata
aquamarine2 = userdata
unpack = function
RosyBrown3 = userdata
SkyBlue = userdata
LavenderBlush = userdata
SlateBlue2 = userdata
setmetatable = function
LightSteelBlue4 = userdata
CadetBlue3 = userdata
OrangeRed2 = userdata
getmetatable = function
Wlan = table
rawset = function
orange2 = userdata
LightPink2 = userdata
grey54 = userdata
orchid1 = userdata
LightGoldenrod3 = userdata
SteelBlue4 = userdata
SpringGreen3 = userdata
rawget = function
grey46 = userdata
gray15 = userdata
dofile = function
PaleTurquoise = userdata
gray55 = userdata
MediumOrchid4 = userdata
yellow2 = userdata
DarkGoldenrod = userdata
MistyRose3 = userdata
tancolor = userdata
azure = userdata
done = boolean
gray87 = userdata
AnimatedSprite = table
SlateBlue = userdata
thistle2 = userdata
dofiles = table
gray75 = userdata
LightCyan2 = userdata
maroon3 = userdata
honeydew3 = userdata
salmon2 = userdata
DarkSeaGreen3 = userdata
DeepSkyBlue2 = userdata
firebrick3 = userdata
aquamarine1 = userdata
magenta2 = userdata
LightSkyBlue4 = userdata
grey60 = userdata
magenta3 = userdata
DeepPink4 = userdata
AntiqueWhite = userdata
print = function
IndianRed = userdata
gray63 = userdata
PaleVioletRed2 = userdata
DodgerBlue4 = userdata
wheat3 = userdata
DimGrey = userdata
grey86 = userdata
BlueViolet = userdata
DarkOrange3 = userdata
DarkGoldenrod1 = userdata
thistle4 = userdata
ivory = userdata
DarkSlateGray3 = userdata
pcall = function
SeaGreen1 = userdata
LightYellow1 = userdata
bisque3 = userdata
salmon1 = userdata
RosyBrown4 = userdata
yellow3 = userdata
Petals = table
DeepSkyBlue = userdata
blue4 = userdata
LavenderBlush4 = userdata
MediumOrchid1 = userdata
pink1 = userdata
RoyalBlue3 = userdata
PaleGreen2 = userdata
MediumPurple = userdata
DeepPink3 = userdata
io = table
firebrick = userdata
VioletRed = userdata
DarkSeaGreen = userdata
LemonChiffon2 = userdata
navy = userdata
PaleTurquoise3 = userdata
goldenrod2 = userdata
burlywood1 = userdata
LightSkyBlue = userdata
seashell3 = userdata
purple4 = userdata
DarkGreen = userdata
DarkOrchid1 = userdata
chartreuse3 = userdata
gray11 = userdata
pink = userdata
DarkSeaGreen2 = userdata
peru = userdata
gray49 = userdata
grey50 = userdata
blue3 = userdata
HotPink1 = userdata
package = table
OliveDrab3 = userdata
SkyBlue2 = userdata
grey76 = userdata
beige = userdata
require = function
khaki4 = userdata
plum3 = userdata
tan3 = userdata
salmon3 = userdata
violet = userdata
rawequal = function
gold4 = userdata
newproxy = function
grey98 = userdata
Global = table
SteelBlue = userdata
RoyalBlue4 = userdata
WlanLogin = function
gray27 = userdata
WlanConfigsMenu = function
MENU = table
PeachPuff3 = userdata
grey14 = userdata
DeepPink2 = userdata
DarkTurquoise = userdata
LOGO = function
MediumSeaGreen = userdata
GhostWhite = userdata
ThreadMan = table
snow2 = userdata
pink3 = userdata
Pad = table
Mouse = table
chocolate1 = userdata
TrigArea = table
FPSCounter = table
CadetBlue2 = userdata
turquoise3 = userdata
Ctrl = table
gray100 = userdata
gray19 = userdata
OliveDrab1 = userdata
LightGoldenrodYellow = userdata
MintCream = userdata
gray97 = userdata
PaleGreen1 = userdata
cornsilk1 = userdata
Socket = table
DarkKhaki = userdata
chartreuse4 = userdata
grey94 = userdata
gray93 = userdata
grey92 = userdata
gray91 = userdata
ivory4 = userdata
grey84 = userdata
gray83 = userdata
grey82 = userdata
grey80 = userdata
LightSalmon4 = userdata
turquoise4 = userdata
linen = userdata
gray77 = userdata
grey74 = userdata
pairs = function
LavenderBlush3 = userdata
AliceBlue = userdata
red4 = userdata
tomato2 = userdata
CadetBlue1 = userdata
grey72 = userdata
LightSalmon = userdata
SkyBlue1 = userdata
khaki = userdata
turquoise2 = userdata
magenta1 = userdata
grey70 = userdata
gray69 = userdata
wheat = userdata
gray71 = userdata
LemonChiffon = userdata
gray65 = userdata
OldLace = userdata
FloralWhite = userdata
grey64 = userdata
grey62 = userdata
orange3 = userdata
sienna = userdata
gray59 = userdata
grey58 = userdata
DeepPink1 = userdata
gray57 = userdata
coroutine = table
grey56 = userdata
gray53 = userdata
grey52 = userdata
RoyalBlue2 = userdata
VioletRed4 = userdata
gray47 = userdata
grey44 = userdata
DeepSkyBlue3 = userdata
gray43 = userdata
IndianRed1 = userdata
LightSteelBlue3 = userdata
grey42 = userdata
coral4 = userdata
Timer = table
mav_val = number
LightCoral = userdata
aquamarine3 = userdata
grey40 = userdata
string = table
MediumPurple3 = userdata
gray37 = userdata
azure2 = userdata
plum1 = userdata
MediumPurple1 = userdata
thistle1 = userdata
grey34 = userdata
grey32 = userdata
LemonChiffon3 = userdata
gray31 = userdata
coral = userdata
grey30 = userdata
grey28 = userdata
gray25 = userdata
Controls = table
SteelBlue1 = userdata
grey20 = userdata
grey18 = userdata
gray17 = userdata
DarkSeaGreen4 = userdata
grey16 = userdata
SeaGreen2 = userdata
grey12 = userdata
grey10 = userdata
LightCyan1 = userdata
gray9 = userdata
grey8 = userdata
LimeGreen = userdata
LavenderBlush2 = userdata
gray7 = userdata
LightYellow4 = userdata
PeachPuff = userdata
wheat4 = userdata
coral1 = userdata
grey2 = userdata
thistle3 = userdata
SandyBrown = userdata
LightPink4 = userdata
os = table
gray39 = userdata
MediumPurple2 = userdata
SpringGreen = userdata
LightYellow2 = userdata
BAR = table
MediumBlue = userdata
coral2 = userdata
PeachPuff2 = userdata
type = function
purple3 = userdata
LightPink1 = userdata
DarkOrchid4 = userdata
PaleTurquoise2 = userdata
DarkOrchid2 = userdata
MediumOrchid3 = userdata
DarkOliveGreen2 = userdata
PowderBlue = userdata
plum2 = userdata
DarkSlateGray = userdata
DodgerBlue = userdata
Music = table
DeepSkyBlue4 = userdata
MediumOrchid2 = userdata
orchid3 = userdata
PaleGreen4 = userdata
magenta4 = userdata
cyan = userdata
DarkSlateGray2 = userdata
bisque = userdata
Voice = table
DarkOliveGreen = userdata
LightGoldenrod1 = userdata
tan1 = userdata
plum = userdata
gray67 = userdata
green4 = userdata
cyan3 = userdata
appsDir = ms0:/PSP/GAME150/LuaP/Applications
VioletRed1 = userdata
maroon2 = userdata
DeepPink = userdata
chocolate3 = userdata
LightSlateGray = userdata
PaleVioletRed4 = userdata
gray35 = userdata
LightBlue2 = userdata
debug = table
DarkGoldenrod2 = userdata
pink4 = userdata
Ogg = table
pink2 = userdata
HotPink4 = userdata
HotPink3 = userdata
AntiqueWhite4 = userdata
LightYellow = userdata
gray99 = userdata
HotPink2 = userdata
SteelBlue3 = userdata
AntiqueWhite3 = userdata
DarkOliveGreen1 = userdata
gray73 = userdata
snow3 = userdata
PeachPuff4 = userdata
CornflowerBlue = userdata
Image = table
orange = userdata
SlateGray2 = userdata
getfenv = function
OrangeRed3 = userdata
LightBlue3 = userdata
cornsilk = userdata
LightPink = userdata
coral3 = userdata
blue2 = userdata
plum4 = userdata
cyan1 = userdata
SeaGreen3 = userdata
brown3 = userdata
DarkOrange2 = userdata
RosyBrown2 = userdata
goldenrod1 = userdata
gainsboro = userdata
green = userdata
SpringGreen2 = userdata
grey78 = userdata
LightSalmon3 = userdata
NavajoWhite4 = userdata
LightSalmon2 = userdata
DarkSlateBlue = userdata
LightSalmon1 = userdata
brown1 = userdata
snow = userdata
brown4 = userdata
LightCyan4 = userdata
RoyalBlue = userdata
RoyalBlue1 = userdata
chocolate2 = userdata
SaveEnvironment2File = function
blue = userdata
grey96 = userdata
select = function
wheat2 = userdata
chartreuse1 = userdata
wheat1 = userdata
setfenv = function
LightBlue4 = userdata
SlateBlue1 = userdata
Gum = table
seashell4 = userdata
DarkGoldenrod3 = userdata
aquamarine4 = userdata
_LOADED = table
yellow1 = userdata
MediumPurple4 = userdata
green1 = userdata
LightSkyBlue3 = userdata
MistyRose1 = userdata
gray3 = userdata
CadetBlue = userdata
Sound = table
MistyRose2 = userdata
seashell1 = userdata
Gu = table
NavajoWhite2 = userdata
DarkOliveGreen4 = userdata
DarkOliveGreen3 = userdata
Mp3 = table
NavajoWhite3 = userdata
green2 = userdata
chartreuse = userdata
SteelBlue2 = userdata
SlateGray = userdata
fflist = table
SlateGray1 = userdata
DarkSeaGreen1 = userdata
LawnGreen = userdata
turquoise = userdata
loadfile = function
MidnightBlue = userdata
LightSkyBlue2 = userdata
SkyBlue4 = userdata
LightSkyBlue1 = userdata
AntiqueWhite1 = userdata
DodgerBlue2 = userdata
white = userdata
gray51 = userdata
WhiteSmoke = userdata
bisque1 = userdata
Loading_GUI = table
aquamarine = userdata
error = function
